We'll talk about coding and how to start coding in the right way.
Firstly, where you can write code?
Installed text editors; Like notepad on windows as the default text editor, you can write and build a website using them, but with limited capabilities.
Third-party editors; Like Atom and Visual Studio Code, you can install to write and manage the text for your website and it has alot of features to make it easy and comfortable to code. It is a software ( tool ). Also, you can use it as a beginner as well as an advanced programmer.
Most of them are free to use. We will use Visual Studio Code as our text editor, it's made by Microsoft and it's available on Windows, Linux, and Mac OS.
And it has a lot of extensions to make it easy and fun while coding.
*There is no better text editor to use, all are almost the same and serving to a better environment for the programmer.

Secondly, The command line and its advantage are a lot like you can have multi command lines to do several tasks on your computer without using your mouse literally.
It presents you with a prompt that you can enter a command just like pwd which stands for print working directory and it is the working area you are using at that moment. Also, ls which is used to show the list in the directory you in.
And we have the SHELL and there are multiple SHELLS it depends on your operating system. As well, cd which stands for change directory and it looks like cd ( location ) to move to the new directory.
Also, you can review your written commands by hitting the up arrow.

The path; Whenever we refer to a file or directory we are using one of these paths and there is the root it indicates by a single slash ( / ) and it has subdirectories. As well, you can identify them as they always begin with a forward slash ( / ).
There are relative and absolute paths; Relative paths specify a location related to where we currently are in the system, and Absolute paths specify a location related to the root directory.

Lastly, Files; everything is a file. A text file is a file, a directory is a file. And when it comes to Linux it is an extensionless system and it is case sensitive when you type commands.
